---
title: "Terms of Homelab-Alpha"
description:
  "Read the Terms of Homelab-Alpha services, ensuring transparency,
  privacy, and security."
url: "terms-of-homelab-alpha"
aliases: ""
icon: "gavel"

params:
  author:
    name: "Homelab-Alpha"
    email: ""

categories:
  - Homelab-Alpha
series:
  - Help
tags:
  - terms of use
  - privacy
  - security
  - legal
keywords:
  - Homelab-Alpha
  - terms of use
  - privacy policy
  - security best practices
  - legal documents

weight: 900000104

toc: true
katex: true
---

<br />

## Introduction

At Homelab-Alpha, we value your privacy and strive to provide a transparent and
secure service.

<br />

## Collection and Use of Your Personal Data

### Personal Data

We do not collect any personal information unless you voluntarily provide it to
us through the contact form or other communication channels.

<br />

### Tracking Technologies and Cookies

We do not utilize cookies or similar tracking technologies to monitor activity
on our service or store specific information.

<br />

## User Responsibilities

### Ethical and Legal Use

Users are expected to use the services provided by Homelab-Alpha in an ethical
and lawful manner.

<br />

### Respect for Others

Users must respect the rights and privacy of other users and refrain from
engaging in any behavior that may harass, intimidate, or harm others.

<br />

### Abuse Prevention

Users are prohibited from abusing or misusing the services of Homelab-Alpha,
including attempting to gain unauthorized access to accounts or systems,
distributing malware or other harmful content, or engaging in any form of
cyberbullying.

<br />

### Compliance with Policies

Users are required to comply with all applicable policies and guidelines
provided by Homelab-Alpha, including the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and any
community guidelines or rules.

<br />

### User Feedback

Consider adding a channel for user feedback so that users can share any concerns
or suggestions with your team. This can help identify potential issues and
improve the overall user experience.

<br />

## Reporting Vulnerabilities

Users are obligated to promptly report any security vulnerabilities or issues
found on [Homelab-Alpha's website] or [Homelab-Alpha's GitHub repositories] to
Homelab-Alpha using the designated reporting channels.

<br />

## Supported Versions

Users are encouraged to utilize either the latest stable release or the
preceding stable release for security reasons. Homelab-Alpha provides security
updates for these supported versions and urges users to promptly apply patches
and updates.

<br />

## Third-Party Dependencies

Users acknowledge that [Homelab-Alpha's website] and [Homelab-Alpha's GitHub
repositories] may incorporate third-party components beyond Homelab-Alpha's
control. While efforts are made to maintain the integrity and security of these
dependencies, Homelab-Alpha cannot guarantee their absolute safety.

<br />

## Limitation of Liability

By utilizing [Homelab-Alpha's website] and [Homelab-Alpha's GitHub
repositories], you expressly acknowledge and agree that Homelab-Alpha and its
contributors shall not be held liable for any damages, losses, or security
breaches arising from the use of [Homelab-Alpha's website] and [Homelab-Alpha's
GitHub repositories] or related components. This includes, but is not limited
to, any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages, as well
as any loss of profits, data, or business opportunities.

<br />

### Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Homelab-Alpha and its affiliates,
directors, officers, employees, agents, and contributors from and against any
claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, or expenses (including reasonable
attorneys' fees) arising from or related to your use of [Homelab-Alpha's
website] and [Homelab-Alpha's GitHub repositories], including but not limited to
any breaches of security, violations of applicable laws or regulations, or
infringement of third-party rights.

<br />

## Security Best Practices

Users are advised to adhere to security best practices, including but not
limited to regular software updates, strong password policies, and secure coding
practices. Homelab-Alpha recommends following these practices to enhance
deployment security and minimize the risk of breaches or unauthorized access.

<br />

## Disclaimer

### No Warranty

[Homelab-Alpha's website] and [Homelab-Alpha's GitHub repositories] are provided
"as is" without any warranty, express or implied. Homelab-Alpha makes no
warranties regarding the accuracy, reliability, or suitability of the services.

<br />

### Changes to Terms

Homelab-Alpha reserves the right to amend these terms of use pages at any time
without prior notice. Continued use of [Homelab-Alpha's website] and
[Homelab-Alpha's GitHub repositories] constitutes acceptance of the revised
terms.

<br />

### Changes to Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy periodically. We will notify you of any changes
by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. It is advisable to periodically
review this Privacy Policy for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy
become effective when posted on this page.

<br />

### Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can reach us by
visiting this page on our website: [Homelab-Alpha's contact]

<br />

## Governing Law

These legal pages are governed by the laws of the Netherlands. Any disputes
arising from the use of [Homelab-Alpha's website] and [Homelab-Alpha's GitHub
repositories] shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of
the Netherlands.

[Homelab-Alpha's website]: https://homelab-alpha.nl
[Homelab-Alpha's GitHub repositories]: https://github.com/homelab-alpha
[Homelab-Alpha's contact]: https://homelab-alpha.nl/contact
