---
title: "Understanding the Various Types of Top-Level Domains (TLDs)"
description:
  "Explore the diverse landscape of TLDs, from country codes to specialized
  domains."
url: "adguard-home/various-types-of-top-level"
icon: "overview"

params:
  author:
    name: "Homelab-Alpha"
    email: ""

categories:
  - AdGuard Home
series:
  - DNS
tags:
  - top-level domains
  - TLDs
  - domain registration
  - internet infrastructure
keywords:
  - country code TLDs
  - generic TLDs
  - restricted TLDs
  - infrastructure TLDs
  - sponsored TLDs
  - test TLDs

weight: 1004

toc: true
katex: true
---

<br />

## Introduction

When searching for the perfect domain name, it's important to recognize the
various types of TLDs. The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) is
responsible for maintaining and managing the domain name registration system.

There are different types of top-level domain names (TLDs), including country
code TLDs and generic TLDs. Currently, there are over 1,500 registered TLDs.
These figures are current at the time of writing. For an up-to-date list, you
can consult the IANA website.

The different types of TLDs mean that you have certain restrictions when it
comes to registering domain names. Some TLDs are not allowed for use, so you
need to select your domain name carefully. If you want to purchase a domain
name, it's important to understand the different TLDs and know what options you
have. This way, you can choose the best domain name that fits your business and
your goals.

<br />

## Country-code TLDs (ccTLDs)

Country-code TLDs (ccTLDs) are domains specifically designed for websites
related to a particular country. These domains have two letters representing the
country where the website is located. Some examples of ccTLDs are .nl for the
Netherlands, .de for Germany, .fr for France, .es for Spain, .au for Australia,
and .jp for Japan. There are currently 316 ccTLDs available.

<br />

## Generic TLDs (gTLDs)

Generic TLDs (gTLDs) are domains accessible to everyone and can be used by
anyone. The most common gTLDs are .com, .net, .org, .info, .biz, and .name.
These domain names can be used for a wide range of purposes, from personal blogs
to business websites. There are currently over 1,200 gTLDs available.

<br />

## Generic Restricted TLDs (grTLDs)

Generic Restricted TLDs (grTLDs) are domains limited to a specific industry,
organization, or group. These domains are often specialized and used by websites
focusing on a particular topic or audience. Some examples of grTLDs are .edu for
schools, .gov for government, .travel for the travel industry, .jobs for
employment, and .mil for military organizations.

<br />

## Infrastructure TLDs (iTLDs)

Infrastructure TLDs (iTLDs) are domains used for specific network services, such
as email, DNS, and other technical services. These domains are typically used
for managing a network or hosting technical services. The only iTLD currently
available is .arpa.

<br />

## Sponsored TLDs (sTLDs)

Sponsored TLDs (sTLDs) are domains sponsored by specific organizations,
companies, or groups. These domains are often specialized and used by websites
focusing on a particular topic or audience. Some examples of sTLDs are .museum
for museums, .aero for the aviation industry, .coop for cooperatives, and .pro
for professionals. The number of sTLDs can vary, but there are currently more
than 14 available.

<br />

## Test TLDs (tTLDs)

Test TLDs (tTLDs) are domains specifically designed for testing websites and web
applications. These domains are usually used by web developers to test their
websites and applications before they are launched. There are specific reserved
names like .test, .example, .invalid, and .localhost that are used for these
purposes.

By understanding these different types of TLDs, you can make a more informed
decision when selecting a domain name that aligns with your needs and
objectives. For the most up-to-date information, always refer to the [IANA Root
Zone Database].

[IANA Root Zone Database]: https://www.iana.org/domains/root/db
